# PingOnePlatformApiSsoAndBase.TemplateContentVoice

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**links** | [**LinksHATEOAS**](LinksHATEOAS.md) |  | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | The template id. | [optional] [readonly] 
**createdAt** | **String** | The time the resource was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**updatedAt** | **String** | The time the resource was last updated. | [optional] [readonly] 
**_default** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether the template is a predefined default template. | [optional] 
**locale** | **String** | A valid case-insensitive locale, complying with the ISO-639 language code and ISO-3166 country code standards: Two-character language code, for example, \&quot;en\&quot;. Two-character language code followed by a two-character country code, separated by an underscore or dash, for example: \&quot;en_GB\&quot;, \&quot;en-GB\&quot;. Cannot be changed after it is initially set in &#x60;POST /environments/{{envID}}/templates/{{templateName}}/contents&#x60;.  | 
**deliveryMethod** | [**EnumTemplateContentDeliveryMethod**](EnumTemplateContentDeliveryMethod.md) |  | 
**variant** | **String** | Holds the unique user-defined name for each content variant that uses the same template + &#x60;deliveryMethod&#x60; + &#x60;locale&#x60; combination. This property is case insensitive and has a limit of 100 characters. For more information, see [Creating custom contents](https://apidocs.pingidentity.com/pingone/platform/v1/api/#notifications-templates-creating-custom-contents). | [optional] 
**content** | **String** | The voice text.  Limited to 1Kb characters.   The following substitution place holders can be embedded in the message:   * &#x60;&lt;pause1sec&gt;&#x60;: Pauses the message narration for 1 second.     The pause interval &lt;pause1sec&gt; cannot be modified. To pause the message narration for more than one second, repeat multiple &#x60;&lt;pause1sec&gt;&#x60; occurrences in succession, according to the desired pause interval duration. For example, &#x60;&lt;pause1sec&gt;&lt;pause1sec&gt;&lt;pause1sec&gt;&#x60; pauses the message narration for three seconds.   * &#x60;&lt;sayCharValue&gt; .. &lt;/sayCharValue&gt;&#x60;: Reads the character name of each character of the enclosed string separately.   * &#x60;&lt;repeatMessage val&#x3D;x&gt; .. &lt;/repeatMessage&gt;&#x60;: Narrates the enclosed text &#x60;&lt;val&gt;&#x60; number of times.      In the following message example, &#x60;${otp}&#x60; is assigned the value &#x60;\&quot;123456\&quot;&#x60;, and &#x60;${email}&#x60; is assigned the value &#x60;\&quot;joe@bxz.com\&quot;&#x60;:   &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;   Hello &lt;pause1sec&gt; your authentication code is    &lt;sayCharValue&gt;${otp}&lt;/​sayCharValue&gt;    &lt;repeatMessage val&#x3D;2&gt; I repeat your code is    &lt;sayCharValue&gt;${otp}&lt;/​sayCharValue&gt;   &lt;/​repeatMessage&gt; &lt;pause1sec&gt;    Mail &lt;sayCharValue&gt;${email}&lt;/​sayCharValue&gt; for help   &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;   The narrated message on the voice call sounds like:   &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;   HELLO &lt;1 second silence&gt; YOUR AUTHENTICATION CODE IS    ONE TWO THREE FOUR FIVE SIX    I REPEAT YOUR CODE IS ONE TWO THREE FOUR FIVE SIX    I REPEAT YOUR CODE IS ONE TWO THREE FOUR FIVE SIX &lt;1 second silence&gt;    MAIL JAY OH EE AT BEE EX ZEE DOT SEE OH EM FOR HELP   &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;  | 
**voice** | **String** | Voice OTP supports vendor-specific voices.   * Supported Twilio voices:     * Man, Woman       Supported locales (default: en):       en, en_GB, es, fr, de     * Alice (Twilio only)       Supported locales (default: en US):       da_DK, de_DE, en_AU, en_CA, en_GB, en_US, ca_ES, es_ES, es_MX, fi_FI, fr_CA, fr_FR, it_IT, ja_JP, ko_KR, nb_NO, nl_NL, pl_PL, pt_BR, pt_PT, ru_RU, sv_SE, zh_CN, zh_HK, zh_TW     * Amazon Polly       cy_GB, ro_RO, is_IS, hi_IN tr_TR   * Supported Syniverse voices:     * Man, Woman       Supported locales:       en_US, en_GB, es_ES, es_US, fr_FR, de_DE, it_IT, en_AU, da_DK, is_IS, nl_NL, pl_PL, pt_BR, pt_PT, ru_RU, ja_JP     * Woman only       Supported locales:       cmn_CN, cy_GB, en_IN, fr_CA, hi_IN, nb_NO, ro_RO, sv_SE, tr_TR, ko_KR, ar  | [optional] 


